The President:
Thank you very much.
It's a great honor to have
the Amir of Qatar with us.
He's a friend of mine -
knew him long before I
entered the world
of politics.
He's a great gentleman.
He's very popular
in his country.
His people love him.
We're working on unity in
that part of the Middle
East, and I think it's
working out very well.
There are a lot of
good things happening.
Also, we have a gentleman,
on my right, who buys a
lot of equipment from us.
A lot of purchases in the
United States, and a lot
of military airplanes,
missiles -
lots of different things.
But they've been great
friends in so many ways.
We're working very well
together, and I think it's
working out
extremely well.
So, Amir, thank you very
much for being here.
Appreciate it.
Amir Al Thani: Thank you
very much, Mr. President.
The President: Thank you.
Amir Al Thani: I'm very
happy and honored to be
here, and thanks
for this invitation.
Our relationship between
Qatar and the United
States has been
more than 45 years.
It's a very strong,
solid relationship.
Our economic partnership
is more than $125 billion,
and our aim and goal is
to double it
in the next coming years.
Our military cooperation
is very solid, very strong.
As everybody know, that
the heart of fighting
terrorism is from
Al Udeid Base.
And, thank God, it's been
a very successful campaign
against the terrorist
groups around our region.
Lately, before I come
here, I was in Tampa.
I visited the CENTCOM, and
we met with the generals.
And it was a very
important visit, and it
shows how strong our
cooperation is between the
armed forces.
Of course, we speak today,
and we see the suffering
of the Syrian people.
And me and the President,
we see eye to eye that
this matter has to
stop immediately.
We cannot tolerate - with
a war criminal, we cannot
tolerate with someone who
killed more than half a
million of his own people.
And this matter should
end immediately.
Thank you very much,
Mr. President.
The President: Thank you.
And Tamim and I have been
working for a number
of years now - actually, even
before the fact - on terrorism.
And we're making sure
that terrorism funding is
stopped in the countries
that we are really related to -
because I
feel related.
But those countries are
stopping the funding of
terrorism, and that
includes UAE; it includes
Saudi Arabia; it includes
Qatar and others.
A lot of countries were
funding terrorism and
we're stopping it.
It's getting
stopped and fast.
Very important.
And you've now become a
very big advocate, and we
appreciate that.
Amir Al Thani: Thank
you, President.
I want to make something
very clear, Mr. President:
We do not and we will not
tolerate with people who
fund terrorism.
We've been cooperating
with the United States of
America to stop funding
terrorism around the region.
We do not tolerate with
people who support and
fund terrorism.
I would like to also thank
the President for him
being involved personally
in solving the GCC crisis.
He's been very helpful.
He's been supporting us
during this blockade.
And I would like to also
thank the American people
for being very supportive.
And his role is very vital to
end this crisis in our region.
Thank you, sir.
The President:
Thank you very much.
Thank you.